---
title: Ledgerline Weekly Planning Sync
project: ledgerline-team
date: 2026-03-18
participants: [Maya Chen, Priya Nandan, Ravi Okafor, Sam Lindqvist]
---
Priya Nandan: Okay, I think we're all here, let's get started. Sam, you're driving notes this week?
Sam Lindqvist: Yep, got it.
Priya Nandan: Great. Quick agenda: categorization backlog, the seasonal-bill flexible budget idea, and then Q2 planning. Maya, you wanted to kick off with research findings?
Maya Chen: Yeah, thanks. So I ran a user interview last week with one of our long-time Ledgerline users, and honestly it lined up with a lot of the support tickets we've been seeing.
Ravi Okafor: The categorization memory thing again?
Maya Chen: Exactly that. He described it as "teaching the app the same lesson twice." Every merchant he corrects gets miscategorized again the following month.
Priya Nandan: That matches what support has been flagging too. Ravi, where's that on the backlog?
Ravi Okafor: It's ticketed, but it's been sitting behind the sync-reliability work for, I think, two quarters now.
Priya Nandan: All right, I want to make a call here. We've decided to move persistent categorization memory into the Q2 sprint, ahead of the next round of sync work.
Maya Chen: That's great to hear. It came up as basically his top trust issue with the product.
Sam Lindqvist: Should I note that as a decision? "Categorization memory moved ahead of sync work"?
Priya Nandan: Yes, please log that.
Ravi Okafor: I can own the technical design for that. Let's say I'll have a design doc by next Friday, the twenty-seventh.
Sam Lindqvist: Got it, action item, Ravi, design doc, due March twenty-seventh.
Priya Nandan: Perfect. Second topic — the seasonal or variable-bill budgeting thing. Maya, same interview?
Maya Chen: Same interview, yeah. He wants something like a flexible range for utilities instead of a flat monthly number, since his electric bill swings a lot seasonally.
Ravi Okafor: We've talked about range-based budgets before, right? Wasn't that on someone's someday-list?
Priya Nandan: It was on mine, actually. I think it's a smaller lift than people assume, mostly UI work plus a schema tweak.
Sam Lindqvist: Do we want to commit to that this quarter, or is that a stretch goal?
Priya Nandan: Let's call it a stretch goal for Q2, not a hard commitment yet. I don't want to overload Ravi's plate on top of the categorization work.
Ravi Okafor: Appreciate that.
Priya Nandan: Sam, can you scope out the range-budget UI on your side, just rough sizing, nothing final?
Sam Lindqvist: Sure, I can do a rough pass. Action item for me then — range-budget UI sizing, I'll say by April third.
Priya Nandan: Sounds good, log it.
Maya Chen: One more thing from that interview worth flagging — he mentioned wanting a per-category transaction list he can sort and filter, instead of drilling into transactions one at a time. He said it costs him real time every Sunday.
Ravi Okafor: That one feels straightforward, actually, we already have the data model for it.
Priya Nandan: Agreed, let's fold that into the Q2 sprint alongside categorization memory since it's low-risk.
Sam Lindqvist: Another decision then — sortable per-category transaction list added to Q2 sprint scope.
Priya Nandan: Yes, exactly, thank you Sam.
Priya Nandan: Okay, moving to Q2 planning more broadly. Our two objectives for the quarter, as I see it: one, close the trust gap around categorization that's been showing up in both support tickets and user research. Two, keep sync reliability stable while we do that, we can't regress there.
Ravi Okafor: I'd add a third, informally — get ahead of the seasonal-budget request before it becomes a bigger theme. Even if it's just a stretch goal.
Priya Nandan: Fair, let's call that an emerging objective, not a committed one yet.
Maya Chen: I can keep an eye on that in future interviews and flag if it becomes a pattern.
Priya Nandan: That'd be great, thanks Maya.
Sam Lindqvist: Should we talk about Acme Corp's broader roadmap sync? I know there's a call with the wider Acme leadership team next week.
Priya Nandan: Right, yes. Ravi, are you on that call?
Ravi Okafor: I am. I'll represent the categorization and range-budget work there so Acme's leadership has visibility into what we're prioritizing.
Priya Nandan: Great, action item — Ravi represents Ledgerline's Q2 priorities on the Acme leadership sync, that call is Thursday.
Sam Lindqvist: Got it, logging that as an action item too, owner Ravi, due this Thursday.
Maya Chen: Quick question — is there a doc I should link my interview notes into, so this doesn't get lost?
Priya Nandan: Good call, Sam, can you make sure the interview summary gets linked into the Q2 planning doc?
Sam Lindqvist: Yep, I'll add that as an action item for myself — link Maya's interview notes into the Q2 doc, I'll get that done by end of day tomorrow.
Priya Nandan: Perfect. I think that covers everything. Let's recap real quick, Sam, can you read back the decisions and action items?
Sam Lindqvist: Sure. Decisions: one, categorization memory moved ahead of sync work into Q2. Two, sortable per-category transaction list added to Q2 scope. Action items: Ravi, categorization design doc, due March twenty-seventh. Me, range-budget UI sizing, due April third. Ravi, represent priorities on the Acme leadership call, due this Thursday. And me again, link interview notes into the Q2 doc, due tomorrow.
Priya Nandan: That's exactly right. Great meeting everyone, thanks all.
Ravi Okafor: Thanks, talk soon.
Maya Chen: Thanks everyone, this was really productive.
